Documentation of configuration API for python sdk (#2120)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/developing-applications/building-blocks/configuration/howto-manage-configuration.md

*This API is currently in `Alpha` state and only available on gRPC. An HTTP1.1 supported version with this URL syntax `/v1.0/configuration` will be available before the API is certified into `Stable` state.*

## Example:

> The below code examples loosely describe an application that processes orders. In the examples, there is an order processing service which has a Dapr sidecar. The order processing service uses Dapr to get the configuration from redis configuration store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The below code examples loosely describe an application that processes orders. In the examples, there is an order processing service which has a Dapr sidecar. The order processing service uses Dapr to retrieve the configuration from a Redis configuration store.
```

### Get configuration items using gRPC API

Using your [favorite language](https://grpc.io/docs/languages/), create a Dapr gRPC client from the [Dapr proto](https://github.com/dapr/dapr/blob/master/dapr/proto/runtime/v1/dapr.proto).

{{< tabs Dotnet Java Python Javascript >}}

{{% codetab %}}
```csharp

var call = client.GetConfigurationAlpha1(new GetConfigurationRequest { StoreName = "redisconfigstore", Keys = new String[]{"myconfig"} });
```
{{% /codetab %}}

{{% codetab %}}
```java

Dapr.ServiceBlockingStub stub = Dapr.newBlockingStub(channel);
stub.GetConfigurationAlpha1(new GetConfigurationRequest{ StoreName = "redisconfigstore", Keys = new String[]{"myconfig"} });
```
{{% /codetab %}}

{{% codetab %}}
```python
#dependencies
from dapr.clients import DaprClient
#code
with DaprClient() as d:
        storeName = 'configurationstore'
        key = 'orderId'

>         d.wait(20)

Reviewer: Can you explain why this is wait required?

Reviewer: @amulyavarote, instead of wait can we use the Dapr sidecar healthcheck endpoint: https://docs.dapr.io/reference/api/health_api/#http-request

It's probably worth checking if this check is implemented in the SDK first, otherwise fallback to an http request.

        configuration = d.get_configuration(store_name=storeName, keys=[key], config_metadata={})
        print(f"Got key={configuration.items[0].key} value={configuration.items[0].value} version={configuration.items[0].version}")
```

> Navigate to the directory containing the above code, then run the following command to launch a Dapr sidecar and run the application:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Navigate to the directory containing the above code and run the following command to launch the application along with a Dapr sidecar:
```
